[bitnami/jupyterhub] Add chart (#5992)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/jupyterhub/README.md

To enable ingress integration, please set `proxy.ingress.enabled` to `true`.

#### Hosts

Most likely you will only want to have one hostname that maps to this JupyterHub installation. If that's your case, the property `proxy.ingress.hostname` will set it. However, it is possible to have more than one host. To facilitate this, the `proxy.ingress.extraHosts` object can be specified as an array. You can also use `proxy.ingress.extraTLS` to add the TLS configuration for extra hosts.

For each host indicated at `proxy.ingress.extraHosts`, please indicate a `name`, `path`, and any `annotations` that you may want the ingress controller to know about.

For annotations, please see [this document](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/master/docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md). Not all annotations are supported by all ingress controllers, but this document does a good job of indicating which annotation is supported by many popular ingress controllers.

### TLS Secrets

> This chart will facilitate the creation of TLS secrets for use with the ingress controller, however, this is not required. There are three common use cases:
> 
> - Helm generates/manages certificate secrets.
> - User generates/manages certificates separately.
> - An additional tool (like [cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/)) manages the secrets for the application.
> 
> In the first two cases, it's needed a certificate and a key. We would expect them to look like this:
> 
> - certificate files should look like (and there can be more than one certificate if there is a certificate chain)
> 
>   ```console
>   -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
>   MIID6TCCAtGgAwIBAgIJAIaCwivkeB5EMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFYxCzAJBgNV
>   ...
>   jScrvkiBO65F46KioCL9h5tDvomdU1aqpI/CBzhvZn1c0ZTf87tGQR8NK7v7
>   -----END CERTIFICATE-----
>   ```
> 
> - keys should look like:
> 
>   ```console
>   -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
>   MIIEogIBAAKCAQEAvLYcyu8f3skuRyUgeeNpeDvYBCDcgq+LsWap6zbX5f8oLqp4
>   ...
>   wrj2wDbCDCFmfqnSJ+dKI3vFLlEz44sAV8jX/kd4Y6ZTQhlLbYc=
>   -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
>   ```
> 
> If you are going to use Helm to manage the certificates, please copy these values into the `certificate` and `key` values for a given `proxy.ingress.secrets` entry.
> 
> If you are going to manage TLS secrets outside of Helm, please know that you can create a TLS secret (named `jupyterhub.local-tls` for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart will facilitate the creation of TLS secrets for use with the ingress controller, however, this is not required. There are four common use cases:

- Helm generates/manages certificate secrets based on the parameters.
- User generates/manages certificates separately.
- Helm creates self-signed certificates and generates/manages certificate secrets.
- An additional tool (like [cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/)) manages the secrets for the application.

In the first two cases, it's needed a certificate and a key. Files are expected in PEM format.

- If you are going to use Helm to manage the certificates based on the parameters, please copy these values into the `certificate` and `key` values for a given `proxy.ingress.secrets` entry.
- In case you are going to manage TLS secrets separately, please know that you must create a TLS secret with name *INGRESS_HOSTNAME-tls* (where *INGRESS_HOSTNAME* is a placeholder to be replaced with the hostname you set using the `proxy.ingress.hostname` parameter).
- To use self-signed certificates created by Helm, set `proxy.ingress.tls` to `true`, and `proxy.ingress.certManager` to `false`.
- If your cluster has a [cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager) add-on to automate the management and issuance of TLS certificates, set `proxy.ingress.certManager` boolean to `true` to enable the corresponding annotations for cert-manager.

```

# jupyterhub

> [JupyterHub](https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub) .

Author: Fixed

> [JupyterHub](https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub) .

Reviewer: But this should include a brief description:
```suggestion
[JupyterHub](https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub) brings the power of notebooks to groups of users. It gives users access to computational environments and resources without burdening the users with installation and maintenance task.
```

## Overview of JupyterHub

This chart deploys three basic elements:

- JupyterHub: Central element of the chart. Manages authentication and is responsible for creating the Jupyter Notebook instances (called Single User instances). As a consequence, the Hub requires special RBAC privileges in order to access the Kubernetes API to create and manage Deployments.
- Proxy: This is the external endpoint for users. It manages the communication with the Hub and the Single User instances.
- Image Puller: In order to improve the Single User instance boot time, a DaemonSet object is deployed that pre-pulls all the necessary images to run the Single User Notebooks.

The following diagram shows a deployed release of the chart:

```
              ┌────────────────┐
              │                │
              │  Image Puller  │
              │                │
              └────────────────┘

    ┌───────────┐           ┌─────────────┐
    │           │           │             │
    │   Proxy   ├──────────►│     Hub     │
    │           │           │             │
    └───────────┘           └─────────────┘

> ```

Author: Added a bit more info

After accessing the hub and creating a Single User instance, the deployment looks as follows:

```
                ┌────────────────┐
                │                │
                │  Image Puller  │
                │                │
                └────────────────┘

      ┌───────────┐           ┌─────────────┐
      │           │           │             │
      │   Proxy   ├──────────►│     Hub     │
      │           │           │             │
      └────┬──────┘           └───────┬─────┘
           │                          │
           │                          │
           │                          │
           │     ┌─────────────┐      │
           │     │ Single User │      │
           └────►│  Instance   │◄─────┘
                 └─────────────┘
```

For more information, check the official [JupyterHub documentation](https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub).

## Parameters

> 

Author: Done

|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|--------|
| `hub.serviceAccount.create` | Create Hub service account                    | `true` |
| `hub.serviceAccount.name`   | Override Hub service account name             | `nil`  |
| `hub.rbac.create`           | Create RBAC rules for the Hub service account | `true` |

### Hub Traffic Exposure Parameters

| Name                                      | Description                                              | Value                   |
|-------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| `hub.networkPolicy.enabled`               | Deploy Hub network policies                              | `true`                  |
| `hub.networkPolicy.allowInterspaceAccess` | Allow communication between pods in different namespaces | `true`                  |
| `hub.networkPolicy.extraIngress`          | Add extra ingress rules to the NetworkPolicy             | `[]`                    |
| `hub.networkPolicy.extraEgress`           | Add extra ingress rules to the NetworkPolicy             | `## Hub --> Any IP:PORT |
##
- to:

> ` |

Author: Fixed

### Restricting traffic using NetworkPolicies

The Bitnami JupyterHub chart enables NetworkPolicies by default. These restricts the communication between the three main components: the Proxy, the Hub and the Single User instances. There are two elements that were left open on purpose:

- Ingress access to the Proxy instance HTTP port: by default, it is open to any IP, as it is the entry point to the JupyterHub instance. This behavior can be changed by tweaking the `proxy.networkPolicy.extraIngress` value.
- Hub egress access: As the Hub requires access to the Kubernetes API, the Hub can access to any IP by default (depending on the Kubernetes platform, the Service IP ranges can vary and so there is no easy way to detect the Kubernetes API internal IP). This behavior can be changed by tweaking the `hub.networkPolicy.extraEgress` value.

> 

Reviewer: I'm missing other "generic" sections such as "Ingress", "Deploying extra resources", "Setting Pod's affinity" or "Sidecars and Init Containers".

Author: Done

Reviewer: I'm still missing the section explaining "Ingress + TLS" for the "proxy"
